# EsVest
Where Investees meet Investors

There are still so many small startups or ventures who don't get started due to lack of investors and also there are people who want to invest in these small ventures but don't know where to. EsVest is an app that helps to connect these investees with their future investors in a simple way. For investees, just upload your pitch deck, video pitch, all necessary details about startup or anything and post it.  Investors go through these posts , keep their views or negotiate through short messaging and then both of these groups connect with their contact details.

# Mechanism 
1. Once registered, one can either invest in other projects or can seek investment from others.
2. For seeking investment, one can create a info page with the logo, details of the product/venture in almost all aspects, no. of investers required, %share of investors , requested amount in exchange for share and also a video presentation and/or pitch deck.
3. Further, in the Investee Screen (user's venture) on clicking the "Check Status" button in home screen, there are two buttons . One for editting their presentation and the other for viewing the interested investors.
4. The Accept/Decline Screen will show the user , the interested investors and their messages(which can include further negotiations and all) and beside that whether to accept or decline that investor.
5. The Investor Screen (from Home Screen, button- "Know More") - here the user becomes an investor and is able to view the venture details proposed by some other person. At the end , the button "Show Interest" will lead to a "Send Interest" screen where the user can put some message or additional contact info and by sending that, the investee of that venture can know that the user is interested to invest in the Accept/Declince Screen.
6. The Recent Deals Screen (from Home Screen) shows the recently completed deals within the investors and investee.
7. Rest, as usual the Home, Register, Log In and Onboard Screens.

# Screenshots
Taken from Draftbit builder

# Codes
Generated by Draftbit 

# Links
1. Live Demo - https://build.draftbit.com/share/gQpvCqm0
2. Video Demo - https://youtu.be/E6iSrNttGRg 
